docs: add (#1)
KisaragiEffective/repository-index: README.md

# Repository Index
- [gist](https://gist.github.com/KisaragiEffective)

## Library
- [dateformat.js](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/dateformat.js)
- [scala-simd-wrapper](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/scala-simd-wrapper)

## Product
- [GiganticMinecraft/SeichiRanking](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/SeichiRanking) - maintenance
- [KisaragiEffective/webhook-handler](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/webhook-handler)
- [KisaragiEffective/portfolio.ksrgte.ch](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/portfolio.ksrgte.ch)

## Addon/Plugin
### Bukkit
- [GiganticMinecraft/SeichiAssist](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/SeichiAssist) - core maintainer

> - [GiganticMinecraft/SeichiAssistBE](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/SeichiAssistBE)

Author: ```suggestion
- [GiganticMinecraft/SeichiAssistBE](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/SeichiAssistBE) - SeichiAssist for **B**edrock **E**dition
```

- [WGTabCompleter](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/WGTabCompleter) - an extension for WorldGuard

### FabricMC

> - [sign-picture-ported](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/sign-picture-ported) - alternate version of [Team-Fruit/SignPicture](https://github.com/Team-Fruit/SignPicture)

Author: ```suggestion
- [sign-picture-ported](https://github.com/KisaragiEffective/sign-picture-ported) - unofficial port of [Team-Fruit/SignPicture](https://github.com/Team-Fruit/SignPicture) for modern version, no-forked source codes
```
